Okay. Good.
Hey, Boss,
I'm ready when you are.
[NATSUME]
That looks fancy!
Look what your
daddy brought you!
[KABURAGI]
Dig in, bud.
Bye, Pipe!
You hold down the fort.
See ya.
[GEARS yells]
[KURENAI]
Mister Kabu.
What is this operation
you're planning with Natsume?
‐‐Because I could help‐‐
‐‐She's the only one who can go.
Sorry. I can't tell you
any more than that.
[KURENAI]
Even after all these years,
you still keep the most
important things hidden from me.
And I don't wanna
like that about you, but...
[gasps]
...I do!
[KABURAGI] It's time to go knock
down the walls of this hell.
Stay alive till I get back.
Not that you
need me to tell you.
You're the baddest
damn woman alive.
[gasps]
Oh, I can get a lot badder.
I'll be your queen!
Okay.
We're through.
[NATSUME]
Later, guys.
[JILL] Since I'm sure you
weren't paying attention before:
There's an invisible security
barrier surrounding the
Gadoll factory that activates
on contact with a chip.
Avatars are instantly
logged out of the game
if they attempt to pass,
and a Tanker would just
keel over on the spot.
But Kaburagi's avatar
doesn't have a working chip,
and neither does
his Tanker friend.
Meaning they can get through.
You think this scheme's
really gonna work?
It'll be fine!
Worst case scenario,
they both die.
Not helping.
Now, once you two
have infiltrated the factory.
Your objective will be to
locate and activate the G. G. S.
Which will eliminate the entire
Gadoll species in one shot.
So they're just gonna hit
the big red button, huh?
What a lame way to end it all.
You say that like it's totally
different from our situation.
Right now, there's nothing
stopping the system
from hitting our
switch. Anyway...
Our final objective will be
to destroy the reactor.
That'll stop new Gadoll forming,
and it'll take a
long time to fix.
Sounds like a cakewalk
hearin' you talk about it.
[JILL]
I left out some details.
Assuming they haven't screwed
us by upgrading the barrier.
In all likelihood,
security's gonna realize
our team broke in well before
they're able to reach the G. G. S.
Huh? So what if they get caught?
Kabu and his little buddy eat it
and the whole thing's shot?
Shut up.
[JILL]
No. Even from down here,
I can think of more than
a few fun ways
to mess up a Gadoll factory.
You let me worry
about the arrangements.
Kaburagi, you don't
need me to tell you
how to put a needle
through a target.
So log in and gear up.
[KABURAGI]
Yeah.
It's kinda cute how
into this you are right now.
Ow!
Hey, cut that out!
Use your words, woman!
[JILL sighs]
You realize there's no
preparing your human friend
for what she's about to learn.
And no telling
what it'll do to her.
[NATSUME]
Hey, Boss?
Is something bothering you?
No. I'm fine. Just thinking.
All right, we're
on foot from here.
[NATSUME] Whoa!
Jeez, that lake is gigantic.
Hold on just a minute.
This place we're going.
[NATSUME]
I know.
We're heading for the real
Gadoll spawning ground.
We can't afford
to lose focus now.
Yeah, but that's not
what I'm trying to say!
My bad, Boss. What is it?
Uh! Are you feeling okay?
I was till you started
weirding me out.
Come on, let's move.
[JILL] It looks like you both
made it through the barrier.
[KABURAGI]
Yeah.
[JILL] From here on out,
just stick to the plan.
Got it.
[JILL] And whatever you do‐‐
Well, it's fine.
Anyway, it's almost time to‐‐
When did this idiot log in?
[JILL] What the hell do you
think you're doing, moron?
You don't have time to be
screwing around!
[DONATELLO]
Lemme have this!
Today's the last chance I'm ever
gonna get to fight the Gadoll!
[JILL]
I swear, there's fecal residue
corroding your
reasoning circuits!
[JILL] Listen up, bugs.
The operation is a go!
Hey, time to kick it off!
Is everybody ready?
[cheering]
[BUG A]
You bet I am!
[BUG C]
We're doin' this!
‐‐[CYBORG K] Today is the day!
‐‐[CYBORG A] Let it burn!
[TURKEY chuckles]
Okay, fellas.
Let's fire it up!
Let it burn! Let it burn!
Set it off and let it burn!
We ate shit, now it's your turn.
[BUGS]
Let it burn! Let it burn!
Set it off and let it burn!
[TURKEY]
Keep it together, Sark.
We both need
our heads in the game
if we're gonna save our buddies.
I could...
...be a hero.
Yeah, right.
Something's coming
out of the vents.
The hell. Is that‐‐
What about the bugs?
Oh, holy shit. Quick!
Seal the vents!
[SARKOZY]
Is the plan workin' out so far?
[JILL]
Yeah, to the letter.
The prison complex is
filling up with shit smoke,
and now the ventilation system
is pumping all that
caustic crap gas
straight into the lake above us.
Gadoll are echinoderms,
and the factory uses that lake
as their growth medium.
Right now, their bodies
should be soaking up
all this pollution like
a bunch of big ugly sponges.
[JILL] And our
friends up in the factory
are probably having
a very unusual day at work.
Ugh. Not here dammit!
Someone!
Tell me what
the hell's going on!
Pollution levels in
the lake are spiking, sir!
Now we're getting
a stress response.
The Gadoll are
firing their zones!
Kill the zones,
turn 'em off remotely!
[SUBORDINATE A]
I could do that.
But at the rate the
pollution is increasing,
we would need a lot
of time to get it back to‐‐
[FACTORY MANAGER] I don't
need the details, just fix it!
Whoa.
[KABURAGI] All right,
we've made it to the entrance.
Let's go.
Roger that.
What's going on here?
It doesn't seem right.
Boss, this is where the Gadoll
really come from, isn't it?
[KABURAGI]
It is.
Whatever questions
you have right now,
you'll have time
to worry about them
once we've finished the mission.
Stay alive, reach the target.
Those five words
should be the only thoughts
going through your head, got it?
Got it. What?
Keep close.
[FACTORY WORKER A]
How long's it gonna take?
Get rid of this zone!
[FACTORY WORKER B]
I'm trying to!
Dammit! What's going on here?
[WORKER A]
Why is there a zone?
[KABURAGI]
This way.
[WORKER B]
This is not good!
[WORKER C]
Where are the tanks?
[KABURAGI]
Perfect.
Looks like security's
been dealt with.
Should be a straight shot.
How the hell?
It would appear
you've allowed me
to get the drop on you, friend.
What are you two doing here?
[HUGIN]
Stopping you.
I would also note
that your physical body
is at imminent risk
of destruction.
You really should be concerned.
You really should kiss my ass.
[HUGIN] I've finally seen
your pet Tanker.
And indeed, it would appear
that the system still cannot.
[HUGIN]
We both know how this will end.
Because we both know
the world must be free of bugs.
Yeah, we got 'em,
like this, do it like this, see?
[BUGS cheer]
How can they cheer
standing knee‐deep
in an actual turd fire?
Either way, all that's left now
is for Kaburagi to finish
his part of the operation.
It really looks
like they're pullin' it off!
[CYBORG H]
What're you doing?
‐‐Huh?
Revolution ain't
a spectator sport, boys!
Pick up a shovel and get‐‐
[BUG F]
They sent more of 'em!
[BUG G]
Who cares, the fight's over!
They're still breathing
in turd gas. They'll puke!
You punks think
we're scared of you?
Wait, take a closer look!
They're different from
the guys we fought before!
More different than
you could have guessed.
[BUG G]
What the‐‐?
[BUG H]
Die, bastards!
[BUG I]
Their noses!
You can expose their noses!
[JILL] The reinforcements
brought better equipment?
But that stuff shouldn't have
been ready for deployment yet!
Who snitched?
How... How could they?
It's a massacre.
You said they'd be saved!
We didn't rat on Donatello
and Kaburagi for this!
And who exactly is "we"?
Sark, your guilty conscience
is your problem.
But I... I was...
This isn't what I wanted.
[TURKEY]
Listen. We helped the system,
and this is how
it restores order.
You should be proud.
You're not the bad guy here.
But our friends...
[TURKEY]
We're the good guys.
Doing an ugly,
but necessary job.
You understand, don't you?
And you did the right thing.
Yeah, I did.
'Cause it had to be done.
[TURKEY] Exactly. We start this
place over from a clean slate.
That's best for everyone.
And you're gonna
be my number two.
Right, comrade?
You. Show us where
the bugs are logging in from.
Yes, sir!
We can take you
straight to them.
Hey, Sark, lead the way.
[SARKOZY]
Sure thing, pal.
The world's biggest asshole
and his drunken uncle.
If the response team
manages to get in here,
this whole plan
is dead in the water.
I've got no choice.
[DONATELLO] Hell yeah,
let's beat their asses!
Huh?
You good?
I'll log out when the
hell I want, two‐eyes!
Plug me back in now!
[JILL] You don't want me
any more pissed off, manchild!
'Kay?
[JILL] Now either you can go put
that oversized toy of a body
to good use and
keep this operation alive,
or I can have some fun with it.
How much of you do
you suppose I can cut off
before you stop working?
[DONATELLO]
Right, the operation.
I should go help with that.
I'm gonna go help with that!
Yeah, thanks.
Hey, Boss.
We're in a zone right now,
so how can he just
be standing there?
[KABURAGI] He's not like
the Gears, you know.
We're in danger.
But why?
Move!
[NATSUME]
Boss!
Did you think that would work?
Boss, no!
[KABURAGI] Natsume!
Run while he's distracted!
[HUGIN
"Run," you say?
I cannot allow that.
Bug eliminated.
Now, onto the next.
[KABURAGI] Cutting it
close there, aren't you, Jill?
What's all this?
[JILL] Yeah, well, that
one is on Turkey and Sark.
You don't know how hard
it is to hack a game cop,
and that's without a
damn knife in your back.
So how about you
spare me your whining?
Nobody should be capable
of hacking our sight.
It seems the bugs somehow
have a witch in their employ.
Oh, yeah. It's crazy
what people just throw out
with the garbage sometimes.
Yes, the sheer mockery.
His willful impudence!
We shan't abide
this transgression.
Damn, this new security
agent they put in
is punching back pretty hard.
Oh dear.
[JILL]
The clock's ticking.
They haven't gotten
to me and your body yet,
but there's nothing
holding them back anymore!
[KABURAGI]
Doesn't change anything.
Just gotta push
myself to my limits!
Why are you stopping?
Get a move on, bug.
Nah. I can't do it fellas.
I'm done. I don't got the heart.
So, you're saying you plan to
impede us from restoring order.
[DONATELLO]
Ooh, me too!
I like the direction
we're goin'.
Damn!
End of the line, y'all.
Heh. Nice run,
but I'm callin' it here.
So we invite you to the party,
and you go and throw
another one for the guards.
I'm always looking
for new friends,
that's why I invited Hugin
along on the storage job.
[DONATELLO]
You conniving little bastard.
Piss off!
The system works if you just
sit back and stop fighting it!
Hah! Might work for you.
Doing what I please
is what works for me.
Hey, that's fine.
Knock yourself out,
it's your party.
[DONATELLO]
I don't need your permission!
Smells like roast turds in here!
Die, die, die!
Get movin' or get dead!
What the hell are you?
[BUG L]
It's the boss!
[BUG M]
Back him up, guys!
[BUG N]
We're still in this!
[TURKEY]
Sark.
Turkey, my old pal. Heh...
They put a new hole in me.
But hey...
I'm still movin'.
We got a chance of
gettin' outta this thing.
Heh. You rube.
I already told you,
there is no "we."
What?
I'm the winner here.
You're just dead weight.
You... You lied.
You said we were gonna
make this place better!
Sounds about right to me!
I'd say it's the
best it's ever been.
All the shit's burning up and
I'm gettin' out with a pardon.
That's two big improvements.
This operation'll
be shutting down for sure.
Might as well do the same,
for all the good you've done.
"For all the good I've done"?
Not a lot I can say to that.
What do I do, Kabu?
I guess I still ain't
got the hang of this
"doin' the right thing" deal.
I dunno what the
right thing even is.
Hell, I don't know what I want.
I'm just living scrap.
But I'm not gonna stop
till I've pushed past my limits.
So it's like that.
I'm scrap. But I'm still livin'.
Yo.
Leaving without sayin' goodbye?
This party sucks ass! Later!
I had a burner account
and some good booze.
I didn't need anything else!
Well, you coulda told me.
If you're that into
the shit they feed us,
why don't ya take a swim in it?
[TURKEY]
No!
Kabu. I've barely got
a damn thing in this world.
There's just one thing...
...I've held onto.
That nobody else could do.
My special reserve.
[screams]
Hey, somebody help!
Sark, please!
This is what the hero
would do, isn't it?
Wait, Sark! Help me!
We can still get out!
Oh, come on.
[SARKOZY]
Not a bad way to go.
We got the zone
response dealt with,
so what the hell is it now?
[SUBORDINATE A]
An explosion down below.
The reactor's disabled.
Wait. It's melting down!
[FACTORY MANAGER ]
That can't be right!
The reactor was destroyed?
Just how many allies
did you have in this?
Who could say?
[HUGIN] I can easily keep
you from ever connecting
‐‐to an avatar again.
‐‐[NATSUME] Boss! The water!
[HUGIN]
Hmm?
Shit!
Boss! You okay?
Yeah. Or not dead at least.
Activate the G. G. S.,
and the whole thing is over.
Damn. Ya done good, Sark.
Here's to you.
[KABURAGI] All right,
we've reached the objective.
What is this?
Boss! Are you sure you're okay?
Just try not to move!
[KABURAGI]
I'm fine.
You take that one.
Yeah, I got it.
I'm gonna count down from three.
Then we both hit the plungers.
[NATSUME]
Yes, sir.
On me. Three. Two. One.
[KATOU]
That's not normal.
[ESSAM]
It's gotta be a bug, right?
Natsume, you really did it.
[OPERATOR C]
Commander! The Gadoll are dying.
All of them!
[OPERATOR A]
This is an extinction event!
[OPERATOR B]
What's happening?
You've ruined it!
What is this?
[KABURAGI] You need
to get out of here, Natsume.
[NATSUME]
This is wrong.
How could the Gadoll
have come from here?
Why is their "nest" built out
of glass and concrete?
Who was that man you fought?
Why aren't you saying anything?
Forgive me.
Everything about
the world you know...
The Gadoll...
This body you see me in...
It's all manufactured.